Welcome to Graph Nim!

Reminder of the rules:
1) The game is played on a directed graph, A Cayley graph of the group.
2) The token starts on one of the vertices, the identity of the group.
3) You make a move by a) removing some of the stones from the current vertex
you are at and b) choosing an adjacent vertex to move the token to. Players
alternate turns doing this.
4) If you enable the pass option, you can pass your turn if you have taken
more stones than your opponent. Otherwise you must make a move (take stones and
move the token to an adjacent vertex). If the pass option is disabled, you can
never pass.
5) If your opponent moves the token to a vertex with no stones on it, then you
can't make a move because there are no stones, so you lose. However, if you can
legally pass, you could pass and subsequently win the game.

A minimal generating set S for a group G contains the fewest number of elements
such that any element in G can be written as a product of elements in S. The
cardinality of S is the rank of the group. Important theorems state that the
Symmetric group and finite matrix groups have rank 2, meaning only two elements
are needed to generate the group.

A Cayley graph has a vertex set of all the group elements. The algorithm to
construct the edges is i) for each element g in G and ii) for each element s
in S, draw a directed edge from g to gs, where gs denotes the group
multiplication of g and s. If you use a generating set for S, the graph will
be connected.

There are three options for groups: Abelian Groups, Symmetric Groups, and Matrix
Groups. Here are reasons why these groups are important:

1) The Fundamental Theorem of Finite Abelian Groups states that every abelian
group is isomorphic to a direct product of cyclic groups. Because you can
represent any such group with the code I wrote, you can play this game on any
Abelian Group.

2) Cayley's Theorem states that every group is isomorphic to a subgroup of
some symmetric group (Sn). While you can't play on subgroups of Sn in this game,
it is possible that learning to play this game on Sn could teach us a lot about
how to play the game on other groups.

3) Matrix Groups are important for several reasons. For one, GL(n,q) is the
automorphism groups of abelian groups of the order q^n. In addition, the
field of representation theory studies representing groups as matrix groups
acting on vector spaces, so playing this game could teach us a lot about other
groups as well if we found a correct representation.

I will admit, the game is not fun for humans to play. However, I chose to make
this game because I read a paper that proved several winning strategies for
this game on simpler groups but left several open problems. These problems
include all of the groups made in this game, so my intention is to try to
use any data gathered from the bots to gain insight and prove winning strategies
of some of these games. In addition, I would like to try to develop a machine
that is able to play on multiple games. You mentioned that this is an active
area of research, so I want to challenge myself to program a neural net that
could output evaluation for several different games or even groups. So although
my game is boring for humans, this has a lot of cool potential for AI.
